A thyroidectomy is a surgery to remove
all or part of your thyroid.
Your thyroid is a butterfly-shaped gland
in your throat that makes and stores hormones.
Your thyroid’s main role is to
help control your metabolism.
Depending on the reason for your surgery,
you may have all or part
of your thyroid removed.
A partial thyroidectomy removes
part of your thyroid.
This may be done if you have a
non-cancerous tumor on
only one side of your thyroid.
The part of your thyroid that is
left behind should still work.
A subtotal thyroidectomy
removes most of your thyroid tissue.
This may be done if you have an overactive
or enlarged thyroid.
A small amount of thyroid tissue may be left behind.
A total thyroidectomy
removes your entire thyroid gland.
This procedure is performed if
non-cancerous tumors have spread
throughout your thyroid or
if they have become cancerous.
If your entire thyroid is removed,
you will need hormone replacement medicine
for the rest of your life.
Before surgery, follow your doctor’s directions
for eating, drinking and taking medicine.
You probably won't be able to eat
or drink anything after midnight
before your surgery.
During surgery, you will be under general anesthesia,
asleep and pain-free.
Surgery may take two hours or more.
Depending on the reasons for your
surgery and your surgeon,
you may have a conventional thyroidectomy
that uses a horizontal incision in the front of your neck;
an endoscopic thyroidectomy that
uses several small incisions in the neck;
or robotic thyroidectomy that uses incisions
in the chest and armpit or high in the neck.
Follow your doctor’s instructions for
bathing and taking care of your incision after your surgery.
Your incision should heal within a couple of weeks.
Talk with your doctor about how you
can reduce and heal your scar.
And if you experience any voice changes.